Sailfish SDK: Update README to point to sdk-build-tools (#298)
sailfishos/sailfish-qtcreator: README.md

## Building for Sailfish SDK

> Building Qt Creator for the Sailfish SDK is done using some helper scripts,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Building Qt Creator for the Sailfish SDK is done using tools,
```

The term scripts have some negative connotations :)

Author: changed to tools

which are available in a github repo:

    https://github.com/sailfishos/sdk-build-tools.git

> Before building Qt Cretor, you must build the prerequisite libraries (ICU, Qt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before building Qt Creator, you must build the prerequisite libraries (ICU, Qt
```

Author: This is weird, I noticed that typo when reading through what I had written, and I clearly remember fixing it :-O

> and LLVM/Clang). In the abovementioned repository you can find scripts for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and LLVM/Clang). In the abovementioned repository you can find tools for
```

building each of them: buildicu.sh, buildqt5.sh and buildllvm.sh. Each of the

> shell scripts provide help when executed with the '--help' argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
build tools provide help when executed with the '--help' argument.
```
